OK, so we were able to get rid of Inam because he doesn't allow us to pass in or emit information data
as we go through each one of those types, right?
The success, we want to be able to emit data that we want.
OK.
And we realize that having an abstract class and implement it for each of two classes.
So we transformed all of the types in our enemies.
Remember this all the names that we transform them into something into data classes?
Of course, we got rid of a few, but the same concept is there.
OK?
When we do that, we were able then to, of course, pass in the data.
In this case, to omit data inside as a property, which means then when we go through the process of
loading and getting data, for instance, if success we can pass that fetched that information, we
can pass the information as we go through.
OK.
So in this case, you can see if success is detected.
We pass that information along and along to be admitted and so forth.
All right.
So this is really good.
However, we noticed by extending our result abstract class here we acquire this liberty, which is
to be able to emit information, emit data as we go through in our state machine so we can present the
states differently.
But then we notice that we have an issue instead of our when expression here, because now we have to
pass it else because the compiler assumes that all these states are not exhaustive, meaning it assumes
there must be more than what we have added here.
That's why we must pass something else, not to solve this.
We use another class type called sealed.
So what sealed will provide.
It will provide best really of the both world.
So we'll get the freedom of representing our states differently, right and meeting data and so forth.
But we will also get rid of the restrictions we have within arms.
So it's going to be a win win.
Now what is a sealed class?
OK, a sealed class is an abstract class, right with a restricted class hierarchy, which mean classes
that inherit from it have to be in the same file as a seal class.
Now they have to be.
The same file is no longer true because now you can actually have these classes in a different file.
But in most cases, you will see when we create this sealed classes, anything that inherits from it,
usually we put them inside of the same file or close to it.
That way, it makes sense.
It's readable and it works.
But these classes don't have to be in the same file as the abstract class.
In this case, the old class again, as the name implies.
Sealed means this class is going to be restricted, which is fine because this also allows us freedom
in state representation, which is what we gain.
So how do we change or how do we create a silk class?
Well, all we do, we remove these abstract in, say, sealed and remember.
Now, one thing to remember is that a sealed class still is.
An abstract class.
Now, once we changed the sealed, you see that when we go to our branch, look at this now else no
longer is necessary.
If you have always going to say when is exhaustive, so else is redundant.
Why?
Because we made it seal to see all of these states that we created here are exhaustive.
That's why we no longer need that so we can actually just get rid of that.
And voila!
And just like that, we've solved the problem.
If we run this, we see the results are still the same.
But we know now that we've solved all the problems, all the limitations of Inam.
And also, we've solved the limitation of having to add an Alice branch here because the compiler would
think that this is not exhaustive list.
And the great thing about sealed classes, as you see here, this is very simplistic.
Sill classes can also nest data classes, right?
Can test classes, objects and also other solid classes like, let's say, we create a different sealed
class.
Let's write about here.
I'm going to go ahead and say something like this.
OK, seal class.
I'm going to call this failure just as an example.
And this one here will implement result like this under seal class here.
And so what I'm going to do here, then inside here, I'm going to actually have another data classes
which will implement this value here, which this one implements this result, right?
So in this case, I can say from inside data class costume failure, for instance, and I'm going to
pass a message here.
Exception.
All right.
Let's look.
Sure, that's fine.
And of course, this will go ahead and inherit from failure like this.
OK.
Some customizing things here.
I'm going to say data class another one and say another custom failure.
Let's say Val, another custom failure in this case here.
It's going to be a pointer exception.
Doesn't really matter, we can just pass any type just to show you differences here.
These two obviously will inherit a failure such as closes down.
And the moment these are added, you can see right away inside of our when if you have a over is going
to say hey, when expression must be exhausted, add necessary is another constant failure is custom
failure branches or else branch c.
So it tells right away that, OK, something was added in our sealed right classes.
And so we need those need to be added and I can go ahead and say, add like this, but we don't want
to else.
I want to add the other failures so I can just go ahead and get rid of this.
And say is failure, I say, is failure that another custom failure as such, if that's the case, I'm
going to print Alan to load, state that another custom failure and then again, say not to string like
this.
And I can say, is failure, not custom failure.
And say that.
And then that's the case.
I'm going to say print, Allen said.
Result.
Custom failure.
And then I'm going to pass a message or just say to a string like this to show there, and then we can
go to our repository and add those functions or just one.
And you can add the other one.
So you see, it's a fun custom failure like this.
I can see loads of state you're going to be equal to failure.
Dot, let's use the another custom failure like this.
And pass the data, say another custom failure.
It's going to be a null point point exception like this.
Something went wrong.
All right.
And then the next one?
Fun.
Another custom failure.
And again can say load state sequel to failure.
That.
This case is customer failure, let's just say this is custom failure.
All right.
Custom failure and then.
Plaster cast him failure.
It's going to be an I o exception, and I'm just going to pass custom failure.
This is just an example, by the way.
All right.
So then our repository repository is ready.
I can go out here.
I can add these guys to say some repository, right?
And say.
Another custom failure.
Right.
And then get a result just to show it was a result.
I'm just going to say repository, not get current state.
And then again, repository.
Custom failure and then get positive, get results, pass results, value here, repository, not get
current state.
All right.
So if we run this, we should see these other states showing.
OK, so you can see loading data and then we get the Java exception.
And then we get the null pointer exception.
Something went wrong and then we get the custom failure.
And just like that, you were able to leverage sealed classes even further.
So what we've learned so far, where we learned about enum classes, so I showed you how to use enum
classes to create a a decent state machine.
OK.
But then but next we encountered a limitation in enum classes.
We noticed that they lack the freedom to represent our state differently.
Meaning if you want to omit information in data in our states, we couldn't do that with Enum.
So we solved this by using abstract classes.
And then we realized that even though abstract classes are better than in arms in those terms, because
the restriction that informs Pose.
But then we realized that we've lost something by using abstract class in that.
Now, when we use our when expression, we have to pass the Else. Right Alice branch, which is not
ideal.
We change that to a sealed class and that gave us the best of both worlds.
So now we don't have the restrictions of enemies.
Also, we don't have these exhaustive options when we use the when expression.
OK.
So I hope this gave you a little bit of an idea, but understanding why we would use it and how to improve
our state machine here in this concept here, it's used a lot in codling.
So I would take some time to look into this to really understand what's going on because it really will
help you in your Kotlin.
Android development or as you use codling in general.
OK, thank you.
I'll see you next.